#Finishing the project
---------------------
A couple of hectic weeks at work later and I have finally the time and energy to finish
this project.

Edit: this turned into a novel...


#C style version
---------------
Yesterday I finished the c_style version of the algorithm. In order to do that I needed to 
code some dynamic arrays (nothing fancy, just trivial realloc() stuff) and a very basic 
implementation of a Binary Search Tree.

I wrote the dynamic arrays specific for each data type, no fancy tricks at all. It is not
much code and I could write it once and then copy and paste it into different files. With
small modifications I had all the dynamic arrays I needed. I didn't use templates since the 
intention with this version is to avoid the use of the standard library.

To make it possible to determine which line segments connects, I put all the vertices in a 
std::map. Using a key, which is calculated from the position of the point, it is possible 
to retrieve all the points that has the same position. Thus also finding all the line 
segments that share one vertex.

I decided to replacement the std::map with a Binary Search Tree; a hash would also be fine
probably. But then I would have to worry about collisions and stuff. I just seemed like a 
better idea to use Binary Search Tree. The Binary Search Tree (BST) will automagically be 
in the correct order and searching it is trivial. Each node in the BST has a dynamic array 
of line points.

When all the code was written for the version, it produced roughly the same result. The c-
style version was actually the fastest one, and it was the "simplify" part that stood for 
the win. It was a lot faster.
For the three first cases the results seemed identical, but looking at the other two -- the 
last one in particular -- the results differed. The last case seemed to miss a lot of lines.
Also, after a closer look it was clear that the c_style version did not simplify the mesh. 
The size was the same before and after, while the other two versions reduced the size of the 
vertex data with ~34%. Clearly something didn't add up.


#Bug #1
------
Well, firstly, by chance I saw that the GetLineChain() function was not actually finished. 
I forgot to add a Push() statement (!). The way GetLineChain() works is that it adds all the 
line segments that connects, starting from a given line segment. It looks in both directions
of the line segment. Or rather, it checks if any of the two endpoints matches any other point
that belongs to another line segment. A better name rather than line chain would be polyline.

The part I forgot about was adding the "backwards" part to the polyline... 
Coming to think of it, it was a bit strange that it worked at all. But it would explain why 
the result looked almost correct but lacking some lines. The GetLineChain() function didn't 
return the entire polyline but only a part of it!


#Bug #2
------
Fixing #1 revealed some bigger problems. Now we got longer chains (polylines) but the result
actually looked worse. It seemed like a lot of the lines started at the origin (0, 0) even if 
they shouldn't. My first thought was that there was something fishy with the polylines.

A quick glance at the code didn't reveal anything troublesome. I started to step through the 
code. This was like finding the needle in the haystack; I was not sure what I was looking for
and the amount of data was a problem. The issue seemed to be related to the polylines, i.e. 
some parts of it was corrupt.

I decided to pull out the old printf! I printed the line_point count of each BST node that 
was added or modified, along with its key. Then I did the same for when I searched the BST for 
a specific key. This produced a lot of output in the console and to be able to analyse it I 
copied it from the console and pasted it into my trusted old friend: Excel.
Using Excel I could see some interesting stuff:

 1. Nodes with a key = 0 was added
    - While theoretically possible (key = 0 would mean that the position of the vertex was
      the origin) the amount of nodes that had a key = 0 was unlikely to be correct.
    - A key of 0 would indicate a position of zero, which matched what I saw: a lot of lines
      starting at the origin.

 2. For some keys, the array in the retrieved node contained zero line_points.
    - This shouldn't happen at all, there should always be at least one line_point in each 
      node. Why would the node have been added otherwise?
    - Cross referencing the keys I could see that the keys that returned a node with zero
      line points clearly had line_points in them when they were added.
    - The key that resulted in zero line points were searched multiple times and it worked at
      some times but failed at others.

It was weird that the results of searching the BST failed so arbitrary, surely there must an 
error in the Find() function? The data must be corrupted somehow? Turns out that the data was 
not corrupted, but there were a logic error in an if statement. Instead of recursively 
searching the left node if the search-key was smaller than the node's key, the search was sent 
to the right node.

This:
  if (Node->Key > Key)  Find(Node->Left);

should be more like:
  if (Key < Node->key)  Find(Node->Left);
  
  Edit (2020-10-03): This makes no sense -- I must have typed the wrong thing herem since the 
                     two lines above are equivalent? Unfortunately I can't remember the details
		     but something was wrong with the logic in Find() and I fixed it. :)

That change completely solved #2, now every search found at least one line_point. Yay! However,
#1 was still a problem, for some weird reason we still tried to add a key = 0 many, many times!
Having all the data in Excel turned out to be very helpful here as well, I could easily find 
test cases to use in a data break point. Using some test cases I could isolate the problem, it
was a classic bug actually. Turns out that I was off by one in a for loop (god damnit).
That caused it to add garbage basically.

This:
	for (s32 Index = Backwards.Used; Index >= 0; --Index)
    {
        Push(Chain, &Backwards.Data[Index]);
    }

Should be this:
	for (s32 Index = Backwards.Used - 1; Index >= 0; --Index)
	{
        Push(Chain, &Backwards.Data[Index]);
	}

Problem #2 solved. Now the c style version produces the exact same result as the other two. I 
checked this in Excel by comparing the outputs of the printf statements.


#Lessons learned
---------------
Exporting data and analysing it in Excel turns out to be a huge win. I am very experienced in 
Excel since I use that all day at my current work, so it makes it very easy to do different
analysis.

Having a version, or a test case, that you know is 100% correct is extremely valuable. This way
you can compare the different versions and find what's wrong.


#Next step
---------
The c style version performs better and has the least amount of dependencies. When it comes to 
line of codes (I exclude the code for the dynamic arrays and the BST since I'm not include 
std::vector or std::map), this version falls in the middle of the three.

Now, there is probably a lot of stuff that could be done better and I might have done something
that's far from optimal in the two other versions, but it seems to me like the c style version
is the clear winner. But in all honesty, I was biased from the start and this project could and
should not be viewed as a scientific endeouvor.

I will now pull out the c style version and do some code clean up. I will save the two other 
version in seperate folders.

The next optimization step would logically be to multithread it, but that will have to wait, 
that will have to be another project.
